i
think that a lot of
people who go vegan
are borderline psychotic and a little
bit more so like on the spectrum
i have a theory i think you've talked
about it a little bit but
my theory and this is this is true your
body can hold on to nutrients
and store them in your tissues
and uh
you know you've been eating
you've been eating animal products for
20 years of your life and then at 20
you go vegan and
every time you're gonna make a change in
your diet you're gonna you're gonna feel
amazing you're gonna and especially
you're like high off of all the sugar
every meal and it's just like hi
hi so you're gonna feel amazing
and then
like
it just slows down the amazingness kind
of wears off
and
you're slowly depleting your body of a
couple key
vitamins and minerals that you're not
able to get from plants
in my opinion
uh what do you think those are because
vegans are always saying name the
nutrient name the nutrient what are you
not getting specifically yeah
so i think i
i would say b12
i would say iron i would say
even things like zinc and magnesium
um
and then you know there are like
a bunch of phytochemicals that we can't
like name off like we don't know them
even i think i argued with jackson about
that i was like we don't even know all
of the nutrients and everything they're
like we have everything figured out no
idea no science doesn't work like that
you know they can't take a piece of food
and like put it under some special
machine and be like okay this is
everything that's in it they have to
they have to know about it and then they
have to do a specific test to like
confirm that it's there so think about
think about all the things that we don't
know i mean this is the kind of stuff i
learned in school that really made me
realize that i know nothing
because i learned you know i had many
lab classes
and uh you know many of my friends
worked in labs my boyfriend works in a
lab he works at a
huge university in a research lab and
does biology research
so
i learned kind of like how the
scientific process works
and you realize that it's not like that
this is what's going on in the factory
farms that is why i'm so angry that you
ex-vegans are coming out on the internet
and saying that you are no longer vegan
i don't have a hammer or at least i
don't know where it is so i have this
tequila bottle
and
you know
oh
let's try that again
nope nope okay this one's being tough
oh
[Music]
i have i know a little bit about you so
i'd love to do this fancy awesome intro
for you but yeah i don't know a whole
lot all i know is that i remember you
from years back when i first went vegan
of course you were dating jackson foster
at the time our friend pantriotic
and that's what i remember i remember
you guys doing the the bodybuilding and
the
um you know the power lifting stuff back
in the day as like fruit eaters
and you were izzy the fruit bat
and you were
a you know a disciple
of freely the banana girl
and i don't know let's let's fill in the
rest of the story because i hear you
have some cool stuff to say yeah i uh
found you know freely and christina when
i was about 16
and i went on
a high raw low fat
basically raw till four kind of you know
in every in every respect i played
around in that bubble
um and
i had always enjoyed youtube and i
finally kind of found an audience
because i was
i was now like appealing to this niche
and this niche was growing and
there was such a need for a voice that
was younger i felt because christina
and freely were pretty much the only big
ones
and they're they're older you know so
they
i i ran into the issue as a 16 year old
17 year old
of like
my parents shop and cook
so
now i'm gonna start being controlling
about my diet and picky
and
you know what do i do
and it took over my life for like two or
three years it was like
you know my thing it was my identity
that i was this
vegan
youtuber
fruit girl i felt like i was part of an
empire
and then it all came crumbling down
there i
i particularly think there must be
something in
in salmon and in beef and in eggs
because like those are the foods that
vegans tend to crave and go go back for
i went to college right so i it was my
um
it was like my junior year of high
school when i went vegan
and then i was you know senior year
youtubing youtubing
and
went to uc berkeley started my freshman
year there
and
about two years in i really started to
just burn out on making videos
you know i was i was putting all of my
energy towards school
and i was studying nutrition and i felt
passionate about that and
i felt like i kind of started to realize
that a lot of people on the internet
that i was watching talking about
nutrition
knew
nothing well you never did any like
overseas
i went to thailand with jackson okay but
that was just a trip we didn't like live
there
okay um that was really fun though i
will say that was
that was awesome it was so much fun but
you know why you know why it was great
is because i had a belief
and it's kind of an isolated belief that
not many people have right this like
fruitarian
ism
and then you get to thailand and you're
now in a group you're in a tribe
and no matter what that tribe is whether
it's religion
a bunch of other things it feels good to
have a group and humans naturally want
to be in a group
so
it was so much fun i had the best time
my life
i think a lot of these ailments
that everyone claims to have on this
diet and this diet
is
is kind of
a little bit of a
self-fulfilling prophecy
yeah
i have something in my personality i
think that i want to appeal to the
masses like i just want to have
a big circle around me i want to have a
lot of friends i want to be
you know
very social so
this the diet isolating thing
just just doesn't work for me and the
reality is the world is where it's at
we're we're not a completely plant-based
world we're not a completely plant-free
world
um
there's lots of options when you go out
to eat and you go to the grocery store
and
it is like hard to hear
um
you know that people are they once they
once trusted me and now they don't trust
me anymore i really don't like to not be
trusted it doesn't feel good it feels
confusing because i'm like well i trust
myself and i know that this is my
my truth
um so why is that not coming across am i
not coming across as genuine what am i
doing wrong you know
[Music]